[opening theme music playing]
[thrilling music playing]
[Jin] I hear you have been taking Uk
fishing these days.
[Master Lee] Indeed.
It's boring to go alone, after all.
You said previously
that Uk's destiny follows
the same path as Master Seo Gyeong's.
Is that why you are guiding him?
The one guiding him is not me.
If not you, then is there someone else?
Who then?
You seem to know who it is.
There is no mage teaching Uk
how to cast spells separately.
Let me assure you.
The servant who is always
at his side is an informant of mine.
Sure. So, you are saying he improved
this much on his own without training?
Yes. He managed to become
a Jeongjingak mage,
but it's just through pure luck
and petty tricks. No doubt!
Only those who had reached Chisu--
Did you hear about it as well?
The bet I made with Jang Uk?
[Go Won scoffs]
-He hasn't won once.
-[Jin Mu chuckles]
Indeed!
If he had a master, surely they would have
stopped him from sparring out of shame.
He was getting a lot of attention
reading The Words of the Heart,
but that feat was buried by my gold toads.
True! Yet, seeing the way
he continues to keep fighting,
it seems as though
that item proves to be
very precious to him.
You're all right? Are you able to see?
[Mu-deok] Yes, I can see fine now.
And you? Are you injured, Young Master?
Indeed.
I had no idea
the jade was so important to him.
Once Uk returns,
Beom would want to have
their match right away.
But Uk is busy fishing right now?
And Mu-deok is just letting him do that?
Gosh! I doubt she would have let him.
So, you also see that the only person
Uk listens to is Mu-deok.
No matter what other people pressure him
to do, he can never budge.
He only listens to
what Mu-deok has to say.
We can also choose to protect
the monsters from this world.
[Seo Yul] The monster
he was talking about was Naksu.
If the way to protect her
is to find the ice stone…
-Those two can't be together.
-[Dang-gu] Hmm?
But why?
Do you really not approve
Mu-deok being together with Uk?
No.
Because if these two end up
going down a path, unaware of its danger,
there will be nothing
I can do to stop them.
[Jin] Uk was born with a fate
that could bring chaos into this world.
What if we support and raise him
into an uncontrollable individual,
and he draws the full attention
of the entire world?
Are you afraid he will want
to become king as his fate describes
and bring chaos and destruction
to Daeho and all of its people?
It may be possible
if he learns of the King's Star.
The way he views the world
and his desire to achieve greatness
will increase boundlessly without a doubt.
Jin. [sighs]
[Jin exhales deeply]
How long did it take you to reach Chisu?
Chisu?
It didn't take me long to reach Ryusu,
but it did take quite a bit of time
to reach the level of Chisu.
[Jin] It took me three years
to master the sky's energy,
three years to master the land's,
and four years to feel
the energy around me.
The energy from the sky, the land,
and the water that bridges them.
It took me ten years to master them all
and finally reach Chisu.
That's incredible.
It took me three more years than that.
And it took Yeom twice as long.
I was one of the fastest after Jang Gang.
But you must know…
We say this energy flows
between the heavens and earth.
But in fact, it's only water.
It took us over ten years to finally
understand the essence of the energy
is water.
But there are those
who can feel it from birth.
[dramatic music playing]
[Master Lee]
Simply put, they are extraordinary.
But to the world,
they seem reckless and unreliable,
even dangerous at times.
Did I…
Did I just reach Chisu?
[Master Lee] This is because
they are truly different.
Some could be jealous and envious of them…
while others could be worried
and concerned for them.
I'll win tomorrow for sure…
because I caught it.
[victorious music playing]
You did?
Jang Uk.
You have reached Chisu.
[laughs softly]
[Master Lee] Because we do not know
how they will use
their immense, frightening power,
we cannot be sure if they will save
this world as Master Seo Gyeong did,
or plunge it into utter chaos,
sunk in darkness.
So are you trying to say
you will continue to merely watch him?
There's no need to worry.
I'm debating as well.
If we have to get rid of Jang Uk,
I will do so with my own hands.
[intense stinger plays]
[mage] Hey, Uk, is your probation over?
Yes. That's why I'm back.
I hear you destroyed Cheonbugwan.
Don't exaggerate.
-Oh.
-So, finally back.
You know your final opponent will be me.
-Mm.
-Because of that…
there's no way
you'll be able to win. So sorry!
Since you are my last opponent,
I don't want my last match to be too dull.
Do your best!
[scoffs]
What the hell?
Did he master something when he was gone?
I heard all he's been doing is fishing.
Don't worry. He's delusional.
I'll absolutely crush him
right in front of the Crown Prince.
[Mu-deok] Your Royal Highness.
My foolish young master has lost
nine matches so far,
causing you to lose
nine of your gold toads.
I don't deserve to look you
in the eye, Your Highness.
One match left, right?
Yes. He trained hard for it.
So Jang Uk will not
disappoint you this time, Sire.
If he doesn't wish to disappoint me,
he needs to lose today.
You thought I was a fool, didn't you?
I know you were using my gold
to train your young master.
Thanks to the matches,
you got to watch my annoying
young master be humiliated, right?
In my humble opinion,
it was worth the price.
It was entertaining.
I hope he loses this match also,
so I can see you cry later.
Uk has the other half of this pair, right?
If these were shared
between the two of you,
I guess this must be a token of love.
You gave up something
like this just to use me?
If Uk loses and this jade becomes mine,
I will destroy it.
You should also lose something.
How pitiful!
Your heart-wrenching love
will be thrown away.
[sighs]
Do as you wish.
That jade did its job
allowing him to have ten duels.
Didn't you say this jade is more valuable
than anything in the world?
Even your own life?
If we've shown
we'd risk our lives for each other,
then just losing that would not make
our feelings disappear.
So you really don't care
if you lose this then?
Fine.
I'll just toss it now.
[exhales deeply]
So it really did mean nothing.
Then you have deceived me.
You said you were betting
what is most important to you.
But if you do not care
that it's been tossed,
then you have lied to me.
How will you pay for what you did?
You said you'd bet your life?
Good.
This time, place yourself for the bet.
I already lost
nine gold toads because of you.
I don't want to lose one more.
So, the reward for this next duel…
is you.
Do as you wish.
If Uk loses this time,
then your master will no longer
be Jang Uk, but whoever beats him.
Yes, understood, Your Royal Highness.
[breathes angrily]
So you are Uk's last opponent?
Yes, Your Royal Highness.
I will do my best to win this duel.
You must win.
If you lose the duel,
I'll see to it
that you never succeed in life as a mage.
Give me your word you'll win this.
A lot could happen in a duel, uh--
Enough!
I need someone who will win for sure.
Say you'll win.
I'm afraid I can't say that for certain,
because no one expected him…
to defeat you either, Sire.
There's only one person here
who can say with utmost certainty
they can win against him.
It is Seo Yul.
[upbeat music playing]
Seo Yul.
The bet started as nothing serious.
But now it has gone too far.
I spent, what? Nine gold toads just
to put that arrogant prick in his place.
Imagine by some chance,
something unexpected happens in the match,
and he actually ends up winning.
How ridiculous will I look?
I need someone to win the last duel.
And I believe that you,
my cousin, are truly
the best mage in Jeongjingak
I know that you
and Jang Uk are very close.
But could you help out the Crown Prince
and your cousin
just this one time, please?
I've never asked for anything.
It'll be me.
Really?
You'll actually fight this guy for me?
Yes. I'll win, Sire.
I give you my word.
[chuckles]
That's right. Very good! Very good! Yes.
You-- you of all people can do that.
Did Mu-deok really promise to serve
whichever mage that can beat Uk?
Yes. Yes.
Instead of betting the gold toad…
she decided to
put herself up as the prize.
Then I have to beat Uk and…
take her in as my servant.
[intense music playing]
[Go Won] Let's get started.
The mage who is fighting
Jang Uk today, step forward.
[exhales deeply]
[pensive music playing]
[intense music playing]
Jang Uk.
The person you have to fight against today
will be me.
[intense music continues playing]
Yul wouldn't have volunteered.
Did Yul volunteer just to let Uk win?
[Yeol] No way.
When Dang-gu volunteered,
Uk refused to fight him then, too.
[Beom] He will not let Uk win.
He gave the Crown Prince his word
that he would beat Uk.
You may begin.
[action music playing]
[Jang Uk grunts]
[Dang-gu] Yul was right.
Uk really has improved quite a lot.
[Jang Uk pants]
That's my signature shield spell.
When did Jang Uk master it?
[Beom] He's merely borrowing
his opponents' moves.
Has he somehow mastered all
of his opponents' spells and techniques?
He's learned his opponents' spells
from previous matches little by little.
Perfect!
[both grunting]
[pants]
[action music continues playing]
[epic music playing]
He has done it.
[epic music continues playing]
[Jang Uk grunts]
[groans, pants]
[breathes heavily]
[groans]
The match has ended.
Seo Yul has won.
[groans]
[laughs]
I knew Yul would win.
[Beom]
In the end, Uk lost all ten matches.
-[Beom laughs]
-How did he use Tansu
near the end of the match?
[Yeol] He gathered the energy in the air
and turned it into water.
Don't lie.
Only those
who have reached Chisu can do that.
[exhales in relief]
[groans in frustration]
[grunts]
[breathes heavily]
When did you reach Chisu?
I told you yesterday, did I not?
That you were going to be surprised.
-Truly incredible.
-[Jang Uk exhales]
-Good job!
-Jang Uk!
-You have reached Chisu. Congratulations!
-Hey! Hey!
-[Jang Uk groans]
-[Dang-gu exclaims] Did you all see that?
Our fellow mage, Uk,
finally achieved Chisu!
[mage 1 laughs] Amazing!
[mages] Amazing! Amazing! Congratulations!
[mages cheering]
-[mage 2] You are amazing.
-[Dang-gu] Congratulations!
Hey! Hey!
Oh, God.
To Sejukwon. Let's go. Let's go.
-[groans]
-[mage 3] So amazing!
Mu-deok left
with the Crown Prince just now.
It was their bet,
so they're probably putting an end to it.
I'm just worried she will make
another ridiculous bet with him.
I will go and check on her.
That's a very good idea. You should go
and take care of Mu-deok from now on, Yul.
That is what we want
the Crown Prince to think, after all.
[Dang-gu]
Yeah. So, come with me to Sejukwon.
And, Seo Yul, you go see Mu-deok.
And Uk, let's go, let's go, let's go.
Hurry! [groans] All right. Oh, no!
Oh, oh, oh!
-[Dang-gu] Watch out. Careful. Careful.
-[Jang Uk] That hurts.
-[Dang-gu] Careful! Careful! Sorry.
-[Jang Uk] Ugh!
Just as you said,
my young master has lost all ten times.
You have won, Your Royal Highness.
You already knew
what Uk learned, didn't you?
That he'd achieved Chisu.
That's why you didn't hesitate
to bet yourself instead of the toad.
Had Cha Beom competed
like he was supposed to,
my young master would have won.
He is no longer your young master.
You will be serving Yul from now on.
You said you two cared enough
about each other to risk your own lives.
Fine.
Continue to do that
while serving a new master.
[soft music playing]
[sighs]
[Heo Yeom] Do not joke with me!
How is it possible
you've reached Chisu already?
I am telling you he really did.
I witnessed it.
Is it true?
[tranquil music playing]
[Dang-gu gasps]
-Yeah! [laughs]
-[grunts, groans]
So, you are truly incredible, hah!
Uk! You little…
-Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop!
-[Dang-gu] Oh! Sorry! Sorry! Sorry! Sorry!
[Heo Yeom laughs]
That hurts! I'm in pain. Stop it!
You stepped up
because you were worried that
I'd end up serving Cha Beom, right?
Thank you so much
for your kindness, Young Master Yul.
In any case, you'll be serving me now.
That was the condition
we set for the duel.
-So, I need to pretend to keep that.
-Of course.
Feel free to summon me anytime
if you need me to do anything.
I will not need anything.
You can visit Uk anytime you want.
However…
there is one thing I ask of you.
Once I complete my training here
and return to Seoho Fortress,
there is someone I'd like to take with me.
When the time comes for that,
please help me!
I did not know you had someone like that.
Promise me… you'll help when I need you.
[inhales deeply]
If you are requesting this as my master,
I will do it at all costs.
[laughs softly]
Master Heo, there is
a soul shifter in Sejukwon.
How could you have brought Uk there?
He was hurt. What did you expect me to do?
He's resting. I told him
not to move from the bed for a few days.
-Is he hurt bad?
-Ugh.
His wounds are not that serious.
Reckless! [sighs]
To spar with Yul!
We should have just let him
continue fishing with Master Lee
and not have summoned him back.
However, it seems fishing is not
the only thing they did. Am I right?
[laughs]
Uk has already achieved Chisu.
Didn't you know?
What?
[laughs]
I didn't believe it, either.
It's amazing! He's just extraordinary.
[cackles]
-My lord.
-Uk, all this time,
what have you been learning
while fishing at the lake
alongside Master Lee?
He taught me
how to catch the Golden Fish, sir.
That just means he was
really determined to help you reach Chisu.
-Has he taken you in as his pupil yet?
-[Jang Uk] It's nothing like that.
There's a reason
why he cares about me so much.
And what could that reason be?
Has Master Lee perhaps…
told you…
anything? Anything at all?
It was a family matter.
So, I caught on first
and asked Master Lee all about it.
It seems you are already aware of it.
I hoped…
you would not find out.
Since then,
I cannot possibly turn a blind eye.
What will you do now…
about Maid Kim?
[quirky music playing]
What about Maid Kim?
Oh, Master Lee is being extra nice to me
because he wants to
look good for Maidservant Kim.
So what will you do for me now, my lord?
Master Lee is a good man
and has helped me out a lot.
But despite all that…
given…
our long history together,
I thought I'd be loyal,
and give you the opportunity first.
What opportunity?
[sighs]
Did you know Master Lee has been staying
at my house this whole time?
[laughs] I was wondering
where he was staying, yeah.
-So he stayed with you. [laughs]
-Yes.
I'm willing to bet that they're having
a romantic dinner at my house as we speak.
Maidservant Kim has
a soft heart, does she not?
You know that she loves
feeding and providing for others.
It is only a matter of time
before she falls for him.
[both laugh]
I truly hope
she marries a loving man
and lives happily ever after.
-[Jin groans softly]
-[Jang Uk] Uh…
if it is okay with you, my lord.
I mean I… I really want
to encourage their relationship.
Yeah. [laughs]
[dramatic stinger plays]
Master Lee is unbelievably older than her.
But on the outside,
he looks younger than you, you know.
[Jin] It is still absurd.
He practices chastity for his training.
How could they possibly get married?
[Heo Yeom] I had cut off
my libido as well, but I've recovered.
It is not impossible.
Does marriage involve only one?
Maid Kim should want it as well.
She is someone who…
has remained steadfast with…
one person in her heart.
[exclaims] Jin.
Do you really still think that
Maid Kim is in love with Jang Gang
of all people after all this time?
I know Maid Kim the best more than anyone.
So please, don't make such assumptions.
[sighs]
You say others lack common sense
but you are the one who is lacking, huh?
You know nothing! You fool!
It's been forever! Idiot!
[somber music playing]
It was…
him that day, also.
[maid Kim exhales]
It's freshly-made quince tea.
-It smells nice.
-[chuckles]
[Master Lee] It's not good to keep
withered flowers at home.
It's not easy to find good flowers now.
But if you say they're no good,
I'll throw them out.
Having flowers in the house
makes me feel less lonely.
[gasps, chuckles]
I completely forgot about the cups
and only brought the kettle.
[laughs]
[gasps]
How did they come back to life?
Did Master Lee do this just now?
[breathes excitedly]
How beautiful!
[chuckles, inhales]
It was…
Master Lee who gave her those flowers…
on that day, also.
You are truly kind and warm-hearted.
Am I?
Feel free to stay here
as long as you want.
I will take good care of you.
Thank you so much.
Was that woman Jang Gang's wife?
It is. She was very lovely.
She must be the woman
Yeom told me Jin used to be in love with.
She hasn't withered.
She's as beautiful as ever.
Perhaps that is why…
he still has not forgotten about her.
Or maybe…
he just doesn't fancy me.
I don't know what to think.
I understand that
it was the Crown Prince's command.
But how can he forbid Mu-deok
from coming to see me?
She must be worried sick about me.
[Dang-gu] I'm sure she's just busy.
I told her already
you were doing just fine.
[Jang Uk] I mean…
how can she be relieved
from just hearing it?
She needs to see me.
Uh, come here.
[grunts]
Seeing her will only hurt you.
I use this homing bird to send letters
to my family in Seoho Fortress.
[cooing]
If it's Seoho Fortress, even a fast horse
will take three to four days to get there.
Does it really fly that far?
Incredible!
[laughs softly]
[soft music playing]
Do you still have the whistle I gave you?
Oh, I'm sorry. I did not carry it with me.
It was given to you
by the person you are in love with.
I'm quite hurt.
Make two long blows on this whistle,
and the homing bird will return.
You seemed to be pretty good at this.
Would you like to try?
["Just Watching You"
by Jeong Se-woon playing]
[Mu-deok] Oh.
Look!
The bird is returning now.
[laughs softly]
Now, try doing two short ones.
[whistling]
[chuckles softly]
[Mu-deok] I just said those things
to put him at ease.
He was worried that his bird
might have struggled during the winter,
so I told him those things.
See? I told you she's doing fine.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Uk.
What was that thing the Crown Prince
and Mu-deok originally bet on?
The thing you said you had to get back.
I lost, so it doesn't matter anymore.
Uh…
But, honestly though, how can she
just not care about losing it?
[sighs]
[Dang-gu] Lose what though?
-Then, what did she lose?
-[Jang Uk] It doesn't matter.
How come you've never visited Uk at all
when you know he is in Sejukwon?
There's no need to worry about it.
I don't mind if you see him.
That is not why.
I'm just trying not to be shameless.
[Go Won] So you really don't care
if you lose this then?
[Mu-deok]
I need to find it. Find it tonight.
[sighs]
Only after will I be able to face Uk.
[Beom] I knew it.
[chuckles]
He's practicing chastity.
[all laugh]
I knew something was suspicious
when Uk beat the Crown Prince,
when he's been someone who ran away
after dishonoring the name of a mage.
He chose to become Master Lee's pupil,
-so he had to practice chastity.
-Mm.
You all saw Master Lee?
He was Master Seo Gyeong's pupil,
and Master Heo was his pupil.
But he looks younger than our leader.
That's because he practiced chastity.
From what I hear, he doesn't get old
because he reached
such a high level at a young age.
Really? I heard he became
young again with a secret spell.
[mage] Oh, a spell?
Who cares? Uk sure is determined.
So what if he's reached Chisu?
No matter how desperate,…
[chuckles]
-…I could never…
-[all laugh]
Of course not. Me neither.
-He's way too determined.
-Seriously.
-[laughs]
-[mage] Should I?
[sighs]
These people are just jealous.
[clicks tongue]
[exhales]
Young Master Jang is subjected
to all sorts of terrible rumors.
Gosh!
[exhales]
So, lately,
I was able to get some much-needed sleep
thanks to this physician.
I'm glad that your herbal medicine
was effective, Young Lady Heo.
I used valerian that grows
in the wetlands of Wol Fortress.
It is known for its calming effect.
It must have helped you relax
so you could sleep much better.
I can see why Master Heo recommended you.
Thankfully, now I'm able
to get some sleep.
But the ringing in my ears
and the headache still remain.
Ever since you were startled
by the soul shifter incident,
these occurrences have got much worse.
A soul shifter tried to enter the palace.
There is a good chance
that there's one in here now as we speak.
[Go Won] Assistant Gwanju Jin Mu
has strengthened security, so don't worry.
The soul shifter who tried
to enter was one of Jin Mu's men.
And lately, there have been rumors
of a soul shifter
being seen in Cheonbugwan.
I simply cannot trust anyone.
[sighs]
It seems like your symptoms
might stem from your heart, Majesty.
You should find another way
to calm yourself other than medicine.
By any chance,
do you happen to know Master Lee?
The last direct pupil
of Master Seo Gyeong.
Yes, of course, I know him.
But I only met him once before in Songrim.
My grandfather was his pupil,
so I've heard many stories about him.
He may be able to find
other ways of relieving your anxiety.
Are you saying that he can tell
if there is a soul shifter nearby?
I can't say for sure
because I don't know him that well.
But I would recommend inviting Master Lee
to the palace and asking him for yourself.
[sighs]
I told you to clean her room every day!
So why is my daughter's vase
full of dirty water?
-[both exclaim]
-Sorry, my lady!
Imagine if Bu-yeon returns
and saw this vase full of dirty water.
How disappointed would she be
in her mother?
[sighs]
Change the bedsheets,
and get rid of that!
She can't see,
so why would you place that there
and risk her tripping?
[Cho-yeon breathes heavily]
Dozens of girls have come and gone,
but none of them were Bu-yeon.
Having been disappointed
over and over again
has made Mother more sensitive.
I have to agree.
But very soon,
it's gonna be your birthday.
-Here.
-What is this?
[Cho-yeon gasps]
Father, it wasn't anything malicious.
But it is not my birthday yet.
I will get you
something prettier on your birthday.
[chuckles]
I'll put it on now. Please, do it for me.
Yes.
Let me see how pretty
my daughter is today.
When I was younger,
you used to always braid my hair.
Mother has never done
anything like this for me.
-[yells]
-Sorry, sweetheart.
I'm sorry. Did that hurt?
[breathes deeply] I'm all right.
[ominous music playing]
It's been a long time
since I did your hair,
I must have lost my touch. Sorry.
That's all right. How do I look, though?
As pretty as ever, sweetheart.
[chuckles]
[ominous music continues playing]
So, this is the bow Park Jin used.
[Mu-deok] I lost that day.
The outcome of a fight cannot be
argued or changed.
But once I regain my strength,
I would like to have
a proper fight with Jin.
[Jin] What are you doing?
I'm cleaning, my lord.
Be careful what you touch.
Touch a belonging filled with the energy
of a high-degree mage,
and a girl like you could even get hurt.
Even a girl like me is aware of that.
But I did wonder how
a high-degree mage expects me to clean
if he leaves
such a thing just lying around.
I usually make sure
to hang it up properly.
I just forgot this time.
You are still quite young.
I can't believe that
you're already so forgetful.
I'm beginning to worry.
I also belong to Songrim.
What if the leader becomes senile
and forgets to pay me?
My lord.
You are still young.
I hope you stay healthy, okay?
I will come back later and clean, my lord.
[Jin chuckles softly]
What a clever and…
daring young girl.
How did Mu-deok
and Jang Uk first meet each other?
I'm not too sure about that,
but I heard he paid her debt
and took her from Chwiseonru, perhaps.
Then go to Chwiseonru.
Talk to everyone that you can find there.
Find out exactly who she is.
And let me know everything.
[Ju-wol]
Sorry, I don't know her well either.
But the broker who brought her here
is in the capital at the moment.
If I see him, I'll tell him
to go to Songrim.
[thug] Hey, broker man.
[broker Kim sniffles]
We met before, am I right?
What… do you want now?
So-i.
Have you seen her in the capital?
Do you know of anywhere she would be?
I don't know.
She is not from Sari Village.
She's a thieving bastard
who ran after stealing from the villagers.
Let me know if you catch her.
[exhales angrily, growls]
Where can I find this girl?
[exhales angrily]
Damn it.
So-i, that… awful girl.
There's no way
she has gone to find Mu-deok.
[Jin Mu] I will take you to Jinyowon soon.
But there is something
we need to take care of first.
[girls moaning]
[both yelping]
Here. Have this at least.
Hey! You stole my purse, didn't you?
Give me my ring back.
[women yelping]
[whimpering, breathing heavily]
Are they the ones you met
when you were going to the capital?
Yes, they are. What made you
want to bring them over here?
I love how persistent and smart you are.
That's what makes you dangerous, though.
There's something I must show you.
[ominous music playing]
[woman] My lord.
Thank you so much for feeding me.
It's much appreciated.
[ominous music continues playing]
[whimpering]
[muffled yelping]
[gasps]
[pants]
[suspenseful music playing]
Be afraid.
If you ever betray me or get caught,
you'll meet the same fate.
[chuckles softly]
Now…
tell me if anyone else who might know you.
I must get rid of them.
[breathes heavily]
Is there anyone else?
Yes.
[Go Won] Hey! Search thoroughly.
I definitely threw it in there.
Ugh, I don't see it.
Well, tr-try searching over there again.
I searched that area before,
but there was nothing.
-Well, just do it again.
-I can't see anything in this…
Yes, Royal Highness.
[Eunuch Oh] It should be here somewhere.
Yes, yes, look there, over there.
Uh, what are you doing?
Uh…
Doesn't concern you. Go away!
[Mu-deok] I am afraid Eunuch Oh
will go through a lot of trouble.
So I must say something, unfortunately.
Will you let me say it?
What is it now? What?
[inhales deeply]
Could you…
possibly…
be looking for this?
You found the jade?
I literally searched
all day and night and finally found it.
You already threw it away, didn't you?
Since I picked it up,
it's mine once again.
Oh, jeez.
Eunuch Oh, you can come out now. Go on.
Yes, Your Highness.
Damn it.
Thanks to you tossing it,
I retrieved something precious.
Your Highness, I owe you once again.
Right.
I did not destroy it
or throw it too far away.
You were only able to retrieve it
because I threw it nearby.
I dared to try and figure out
Your Royal Highness's intent,
and I think you're all grumpy in trying
to take credit for everything
because you feel bad
about what you did to me.
You, as Filthy Mu-deok,
ought to just listen to what I say.
How dare you try
to understand the Crown Prince?
Oh, no. I apologize, Your Highness.
[Beom] Your Highness.
Your Highness. I have news for you.
Master Heo told me to tell you
that Master Lee is here.
All right. Is he at Sejukwon?
Yes. His pupil, Jang Uk,
is with him also, Royal Highness.
[Beom] They're saying
Uk is improving so quickly
due to Master Lee's
bizarre training methods.
[Hyo] If that had not been the case,
he would not have been able
to hold a candle to you, Sire.
Let's go.
So, you are now serving Yul instead of Uk.
Had I competed and beat Uk,
you would have been serving me instead.
Had you competed instead of Yul,
there would have been
no chance of me serving you.
If I'd fought him, I would have let him
win the duel out of pity.
[Beom] Do you not pity him?
Everyone in Songrim knows
that Uk is practicing chastity.
-Right?
-[Beom] Don't play ignorant.
You have to know better.
Are you not the one who brews
and serves him chaste tea every day?
I have never done that.
If that is not the case,
then how did Uk reach Chisu so fast?
He is not even Jang Gang's real son.
His mother married into the Jang family
and gave birth to an illegitimate son.
Now, her bastard son will get to end
the family line for good.
[all laugh]
[Yeol] His father blocked
his gate of energy so that
he couldn't carry on the family line.
But he managed to open it again,
so he should practice chastity.
-[all laugh]
-[Hyo] Gosh.
How obnoxious and despicable!
What?
What did you just say?
-You heard what I said.
-How dare you say that?
-Try saying that again.
-If I do, you'll hit me.
I dare you say it again.
[Go Won] Tell them what you said.
If they really want to hear it,
then make sure you go ahead
and let them know
what you think loud and clear.
You are obnoxious and despicable!
That is what she said. Did you get that?
[all] Yes, Your Royal Highness.
Mu-deok, you have something
I once gave you.
[Go Won] Show them.
[quirky music playing]
I bestowed that sachet to you.
If someone hits you, swears at you,
or treats you badly while I am not around,
you must come and let me know.
Yes.
You may go now.
You should never
make an enemy out of somebody
just because you are jealous and angry.
It's foolish.
You have ink on your shoulder, Beom.
You can erase that black ink
with hot rice paste.
The two colors may contrast one another.
But when they mix together,
that stain disappears.
Those are such wise words.
Where did you read that, Your Highness?
Oh, just somewhere.
Something you'd see
on a highly competitive exam.
[Go Won] Hmm.
[pants]
Is my young master not here?
[Yun-ok] I heard you were injured.
Are you better now?
[Jang Uk] Yes, thanks to you.
Thank you for sending me the medicine.
Oh. Just a few days ago,
Maidservant Kim invited me
over for dinner.
I was wondering
if you could possibly join us?
Ah, yes.
[laughs softly]
Then I will set a date
and pass it on to you
through your servant.
Oh, do you know Mu-deok?
There was a day when I was
waiting in your room to meet you
but ended up having to leave.
I happened to meet Mu-deok
that day in your room.
Ah.
[Mu-deok] Stop.
Don't go to your room and stay here.
I will go and bring your clothes.
Wait, uh…
so was that a hint?
What do you mean?
Oh, it is nothing.
[both chuckle nervously]
-[bee buzzing]
-[yells]
-Wait. [chuckles]
-[Yun-ok groaning]
-Hold on, hold on. Stay still. Stay still.
-[Yun-ok] It's right in front of me.
It's gone. It's gone. [laughs]
-It is gone?
-Mm-hmm. Yes, it's gone.
[both laugh]
-[Jang Uk] It flew away.
-[Yun-ok] It startled me.
[clears throat]
Mu-deok.
Hello, Mu-deok, we meet again.
[Yun-ok] Please, take care of yourself.
I will see you at the palace.
Oh, yes.
What is it now? Did you run here?
I did.
It took you long enough
to finally visit me
when you knew I was hurt.
What is it?
Did something else happen to you
after your master changed?
No.
The other mages were gossiping about you.
I wanted the truth.
Hmm, right. I see.
So you heard about it also.
Why rush over when you know it's untrue?
Who knows? You even caught
a Golden Fish while I was away.
You could be practicing
chastity with Master Lee.
What? Hey, come on!
That's absolutely ridiculous.
Never mind!
I recommended him to you.
I guess I can't be mad about it.
Ugh, how am I going to prove it to you?
Wait, I have an idea.
[soft music playing]
How about that?
[clicks tongue]
You don't see me as a woman.
If you want to prove it,
go embrace a pretty lady like Yun-ok.
Okay, fine. Should I really do it?
Go on! Just go for it.
I'll do it. So, don't go
changing your mind later.
All right. Go ahead!
["Breath" by Kim Na Young playing]
You told me to strike
when my opponent doesn't anticipate
any kind of attack.
Your pupil has successfully
followed your teaching.
Good. Well done. I'm proud of you.
[clicks tongue] By the way,
I heard that you ran into Yun-ok
in my room last time.
What about it?
Is that why you stopped me
from going in there?
Did that really happen?
I don't remember that at all.
[Jang Uk sighs]
Compared to controlling
Gyeongcheondaeho's energy,
understanding you is much harder.
That was a hint you sent, right?
Master, I'm going to the palace today.
The King invited Master Lee over,
and I will be accompanying him as well.
I did want to get another look
at the Queen, so it works out.
Please be safe, all right?
Hmm. I'll tell you how it went, okay?
Hmm.
Jang Uk.
I found the jade.
I just happened to find it on the ground.
I figured I'd let you know.
[chuckles softly]
Go.
Uh…
[chuckles softly]
[chuckles]
Why would the leader of Songrim
look for me?
You do remember Mu-deok, right?
He wants to know
about the time she spent in Sari Village.
Goodness! Why ask me?
He could just ask her.
I mean she's here.
No, she's not. She's in Songrim now.
She is?
What could a blind girl
possibly be doing in Songrim?
[Sang-ho] Master Lee wants
you two and Uk to be the mages
to accompany him to the palace.
So, Uk is going, too?
Huh? Is he better now?
We must leave right now.
You should go get ready.
[suspenseful music playing]
Please, be careful when you arrive.
The ice stone should be there
in the palace.
[chuckles softly]
I'm well aware of that.
Since they are shamelessly
hiding the ice stone,
I have decided to be brazen also,
and make my move.
The last time I was invited to the palace…
-[Jin] I remember.
-You know, Jin, you were this little.
Oh, yes. I really enjoyed
eating the candies
that you'd brought
from the palace that day.
By the way,
is it really okay not to prepare
a gift for His Majesty?
I have prepared one already.
Yeom.
Send the gift I requested
over to the palace on time.
[Heo Yeom] Yes, master.
Between 5:00 and 7:00 at night?
Between 7:00 and 9:00 at night!
-Right. So sorry.
-[sighs]
-Write it down so you will not forget.
-Ah, of course.
[Master Lee] You were easily
distracted as a youth.
Now that you've aged, I see that
you've become forgetful as well.
[Heo Yeom laughs awkwardly]
[inhales] Let's just go.
-Goodbye, master.
-[Jin] Goodbye, master.
Oh, guys. I can't get used to those two.
[Heo Yeom sighs]
[suspenseful music playing]
[clears throat] Mu-deok.
The leader would like you
to go see him now.
The leader, you said?
Mu-deok.
[ominous music playing]
This man just told me
everything about you.
I told him all about your eyes
and how you were blind.
[Mu-deok] Will my cover get blown?
Uh, my lord, you see…
She wasn't the only one who lied.
Her grandmother insistently begged me,
so I played along.
Her family has always been poor.
She lied about being blind to avoid being…
sold off to pay the debt.
You know, some people pretend to be limp
to avoid fighting in war, right?
Why did you say you were blind
when you were sold off to Chwiseonru?
[broker Kim] She was planning to run away.
She may have been sold off
due to the debt.
But it's so much easier
to pretend to be blind.
-Right?
-Yes, that's correct.
I was on the run
when I first met Young Master Jang.
He pitied me and took me
into the Jang family.
I sincerely apologize for lying, my lord.
I was wrong.
[broker Kim] Aside from lying
about being blind,
she has never done anything wrong.
Mu-deok has always been
a good granddaughter and a kind girl.
Thanks for the help,
but why did you lie for me?
I just did my money's worth. That's all.
Your money's worth?
By the way, are you actually not blind?
[laughs]
Of course not!
I did find it odd you said
you were blind in the first place.
-What?
-Despite being blind,
you could always recognize
who was in front of you,
whether it would rain or snow and so on.
Back in the village,
some people didn't really like you
since they thought
you were lying about being blind
and were conspiring something suspicious.
Oh, I see.
Anyways, come to the ferry inn
if you ever need my help again. All right?
Ah.
Almost forgot. Did you meet with So-i?
So-i?
She's in the capital right now.
Some thugs were looking for her.
I wonder what mischief she is up to.
After all, she was the one who robbed
your house after your grandmother passed.
It is better that
you try not to get involved with her.
You said you did your money's worth.
So, who paid you?
Ju-wol.
There's no need to thank me.
It was Young Master Jang's money.
[playful music playing]
Just in case, though.
If anyone comes to you asking for Mu-deok
or start looking for her by any chance
use this money to deal with it.
Oh, and also, half is yours, of course.
It is not like I was hiding
or doing anything too heinous.
And I got my share.
[clears throat]
Plus, I do like you a lot, Mu-deok.
I am truly grateful.
But what really happened to your eyes?
Never mind. [sighs]
You must have your reasons.
[Mu-deok] If I had been taken
to Park Jin like that,
he could have found out everything.
If I get caught now,
I'll also be putting Uk in danger.
[eerie music playing]
Welcome, Master Lee Cheol.
I am grateful
for your invitation, Your Majesty.
[eunuch Kim] Did that wench Shaman Choi
order you to kill me?
[Jang Uk] Shaman Choi.
Could that be the Queen's true identity?
Mu-deok.
[pants]
That So-i he was talking about,
she could have been the one
who was looking for you a few days ago.
She's very dangerous,
just watch out for her, okay?
[Mu-deok] How can I watch out for her
if I've never seen her?
Should I have asked that man
in more detail?
Come to the ferry inn
if you ever need my help again.
The ferry inn.
[Jin] This man just told me
everything about you.
[suspenseful music playing]
[innkeeper] Let me see.
That's done.
Is Broker Kim from Sari Village here?
Yes, second floor.
[innkeeper] Last room.
Mr. Kim, it's Mu-deok.
[tense music playing]
Mr. Kim.
[Sun] But Master Lee,
if you were Master Seo Gyeong's pupil,
you must be well over a century old.
How are you able to maintain
such a youthful appearance?
How old do you think
I look to you, Your Majesty?
You look like you could be in your…
mid-thirties or forty at most.
This body of mine is indeed
the real age that you guessed.
[Sun] What?
It is my soul that is over a century old.
My old body has turned to ash,
and this body I'm in now
did not belong to me
originally as you see.
[Sun] Wait, then…
does that mean you have
switched bodies with someone else?
That's right.
I am a soul shifter.
[dramatic music playing]
Your Majesty.
Did you not summon me today
to find the soul shifter?
I will do that.
I can recognize any soul shifter.
[tense music playing]
[Jang Uk] Master Lee knew from the start
that Mu-deok was a soul shifter.
[tense music continues playing]
Oh.
You killed this man.
[dramatic music playing]
["Scars Leave Beautiful Trace"
by Car, the Garden playing]
[Mu-deok] What were all those bodies?
What kind of life has Mu-deok led?
[Jin] Mu-deok is definitely hiding
something that must not be revealed.
[exclaims] Oh, my…
It will instead let you know by barking.
[Jang Uk] As we suspected, there're more
soul shifters within the palace.
[Jin Mu] The King's Star being created
through sorcery
would spell the end of Songrim.
It's dangerous,
because you do not know her,
but she does know Mu-deok.
We need Jang Gang.
We will have to wait
until he decides to return.
What are you doing here?
[Mu-deok] I cannot leave
Young Master Jang no matter what happens.
[Jang Uk] I think it's better
if you stick to your confession
and keep loving me to death.